Documentation: Document how to transfer files from QEMU to the host (#11542)
SerenityOS/serenity: Documentation/TransferringFIles.md

# Transferring files from Serenity to your host machine

## Method 1: WebServer
Serenity has a built-in web server which extends to your host machine.

> Open a new terminal and use the following command to start a WebServer instance for the home directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open a new terminal and use the following command to start a WebServer instance for the current working directory:
```

 ```
 ws .

>  ```

Reviewer: Why is this indented by one space? Also should have a code block language (`console`).

Author: I didn't know `console` would be the correct code block language for this case, I'll change that.

As for the indentation, I generally feel it's easier to copy-paste if it's one line, but thinking about it now I don't know if the clipboard is generally carried over into QEMU. Either way, if this is not how Serenity documentation is written I am fine with that.

Author: Where are you seeing an intent? Do you mean because this is 3 lines instead of just one?

Reviewer: No, I mean what I wrote - it's indented by one space:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19366641/148132398-647ab3c7-5b42-49ea-ae36-0dbe8f1a02b1.png)

Then we just open `localhost:8000` on our host machine :^)

![](WebServer_localhost.png)

**NOTE:** Due to the fact that same browsers download unrecognized files as plain text, you may want to use something like `wget` to download the file **as is** instead. Otherwise the file may appear corrupted when the system tries to load it. 

## Method 2: Mount disk_image

Another way is to mount Serenity's disk_image to your host machine by using the following command on *nix systems:

 ```

>  cd Build/{YOUR_BUILD_DIRECTORY}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 cd "Build/${SERENITY_ARCH}"
```

 mkdir mnt
 sudo mount -t ext2 _disk_image mnt

>  ```

Reviewer: Same as above

Author: Will do
